=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ModuleBuildDatabase - build a Build.PL that uses Module::Build::Database

=head1 VERSION

version 0.05_01

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 [ModuleBuildDatabase]
 mbd_database_type = PostgreSQL
 mbd_database_options.name = my_database_name
 mbd_database_options.schema = my_schema_name
 mbd_database_extensions.postgis.schema = public

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This plugin is a very light layer over L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ModuleBuild>
to support some of the eccentricities of L<Module::Build::Database>.  It
allows you to specify the C<database_type>, C<database_options> and 
C<database_extensions> in your C<dist.ini>.  It also set the mb_class
to L<Module::Build::Database>.

=head1 ATTRIBUTES

This plugin understands all the attributes supported by L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ModuleBuild>,
with the minor caveat that the default for C<mb_class> is L<Module::Build::Database>
instead of L<Module::Build>.  In addition it understands these options:

=head2 mbd_database_type

The type of database.  Any value supported by L<Module::Build::Database>, which is, as
of this writing either C<PostgreSQL> or C<SQLite>.  The details and ramifications of
using specific options are described in the L<Module::Build::Database::PostgreSQL>
and L<Module::Build::Database::SQLite> documentation.

=head2 mbd_database_options

Database options.  This is a hash reference.  This must be specified using the dot notation as in the 
example above.

If you are using SQLite as your database type, then C<name> will be adjusted if it is a relative path to 
be in the C<$dzil-E<gt>root> root instead of the build root.  You may also use ~ in for the database 
name to specify a home directory.

=head2 mbd_database_extensions

Database extensions.  This is a hash reference.  This must be specified using the dot notation as in the 
example above.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ModuleBuild>,
L<Module::Build::Database>,
L<Module::Build::Database::PostgreSQL>,
L<Module::Build::Database::SQLite>

=head1 AUTHOR

Graham Ollis <plicease@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2013 by NASA GSFC.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

